Hutspot/Library/PackageCache/com.unity.ugui@1.0.0/Documentation~/ugui.md, before:

# About Unity UI

Unity UI is a UI toolkit for developing user interfaces for games and applications. It is a GameObject-based UI system that uses Components and the Game View to arrange, position, and style user interfaces.

You cannot use Unity UI to create or change user interfaces within the Unity Editor.

## Installing Unity UI

Unity UI is a core package. A version of it is included in each Unity release.

To remove this package, or reinstall it after removal, follow the instructions in the [Package Manager documentation](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/upm-ui-actions.html).

## Getting documentation

### User documentation

The Unity UI user documentation is in the [Unity Manual](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/UISystem.html). It provides a basic overview of the available components, and a few how-tos.

### API documentation

You can find Class descriptions and API compatibility information in the [Scripting API](../api/index.html) section of this documentation.

## Getting support

For questions and assistance, visit the [Unity UI](https://forum.unity.com/forums/unity-ui-ugui-textmesh-pro.60/) section of the Unity Forum.

Commit message:

Fixed QR code crash bug
Fixed the crash bug. The crash occured when the texture stream stopped streaming. (webcam passtrough texture). This was because of the unity version we were using (2020.3.30f1). This unity version had a bug with this matter. That is why we changed the unity version to 2019.4.36f1. This version does not have this issue and supports everything we need for the project.

Hutspot/Library/PackageCache/com.unity.ugui@1.0.0/Documentation~/ugui.md, after:

# About Unity UI

Use the Unity UI package to create in-game user interfaces fast and intuitively. For example taking a couple components such as a panel, and buttons you can create a basic main menu for your application.

# Installing Unity UI

A base version of Unity UI is included by default for each Unity release.

To install this package, follow the instructions in the [Package Manager documentation](https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.package-manager-ui@latest/index.html).

# Using Unity UI

The Unity UI user manual can be found [here](https://docs.unity3d.com/2018.1/Documentation/Manual/UISystem.html). It will cover a basic overview of all the available components as well as a few How Tos.

#### **Support & API Documentation**
Should you have questions or require assistance, please visit the [Unity UI](https://forum.unity.com/forums/unity-ui-textmesh-pro.60/) section of the Unity forum. In the event you are unable to find the information you seek, always feel free to post on the [Unity UI](https://forum.unity.com/forums/unity-ui-textmesh-pro.60/) section user forum.

Class descriptions and API compatibility can be found in the [UnityEngine.UI](https://docs.unity3d.com/ScriptReference/) section of the script reference page.

# Technical details
## Requirements

This version of Unity UI is compatible with the following versions of the Unity Editor:

* 2019.2 and later (recommended)

## Package contents

|Location|Description|
|---|---|
|`<Editor>`| Root folder containing the source for the Unity UI Editor scripts. These provide custom inspectors and layouts for the components|
|`<Runtime>`| Root folder containing the source for the Unity UI Runtime. These are the runtime files and basic components available for use.|
